Peter.
Your momma wants
to speak with you.
Come on, Pete.
Take these fool things off.
Why have you been fighting
with the other boys again, baby?
Peter?
They killed a little frog
that ain't done nothing.
Smushed it with a stick.
You're so like your daddy.
You even look like him.
And he was an angel.
- Composed out of pure light.
- Mer?
You got a present there
for Peter, don't you?
Of course.
There.
I've got you covered, Pete.
You open it up
when I'm gone, okay?
Your grandpa...
...is gonna take such
good care of you.
At least until your daddy
comes back to get you.
Take my hand.
Peter.
Pete, come on.
Take my hand.
Mom?
No! No! No! No!
Mom! No!
- Come with me.
- No!
No!
You've got to stay here. Please.
No...
Okay?
No.
Mom!
Drop it!
Uh, hey.
- Drop it, now!
- Hey, cool, man. No problem.
No problem at all.
How do you know about this?
I don't even know what that is.
I'm just a junker, man.
I was just checking stuff out.
You don't look like a junker.
You're wearing Ravager garb.
This is just an outfit, man.
Ninja Turtle, you
better stop poking me.
What is your name?
My name is Peter Quill, okay?
Dude, chill out.
- Move!
- Why?
Ronan may have
questions for you.
Hey, you know what?
There's another name
you might know me by.
Star-Lord.
Who?
Star-Lord, man.
Legendary outlaw.
- Guys?
- Move!
Ah, forget this.
Peter?
What happened?
Hey, uh...
Uh... I...
- Bereet.
- Bereet!
Look, I'm gonna be totally honest with you.
I forgot you're here.
All right, what do you see?
Standard beat cops.
Small station.
Quiet street.
It's a good target.
There's an ATM on the
south corner, which means?
Cameras.
Both cross streets are one-way.
So, compromised escape routes.
Means our guy doesn't
care about being seen.
He isn't afraid to make
a mess on the way out.
You see that Range
Rover halfway up the block?
Yeah, the red one? It's cute.
It's also bulletproof,
which means private security...
which means more guns...
which means more headaches for somebody.
Probably us.
You guys know I can move
things with my mind, right?
Looking over your shoulder
needs to become second nature.
Anybody ever tell you
you're a little paranoid?
Not to my face. Why?
Did you hear something?
Eyes on target, folks.
This is the best lead
we've had on Rumlow
in six months.
I don't want to lose him.
If he sees us coming,
that won't be a problem.
He kind of hates us.
Sam...
see that garbage truck?
Tag it.
Give me X-ray.
That truck's loaded
for max weight.
And the driver's armed.
It's a battering ram.
Go now. What?
He's not hitting the police.
Body armor, AR-15s.
I make seven hostiles.
I make five.
Sam.
Four.
Rumlow's on the third floor.
Wanda, just like we practiced.
What about the gas?
Get it out.
Pack it up.
He's here.
Rumlow has a biological weapon.
I'm on it.
I don't work like that no more.
Fire in the hole.
No!
Sam.
He's in an AFV heading north.
Take this to the airstrip.
We're not gonna outrun them.
Lose the truck.
Where are you going to meet us?
I'm not.
I've got four,
they're splitting up.
I got the two on the left.
They ditched their gear.
It's a shell game now.
One of them has the payload.
There you are,
you son of a bitch.
I've been waiting for this.
He doesn't have it.
I'm empty!
Out of the way!
Drop it.
Or I'll drop this.
Drop it! He'll do it!
Payload secure. Thanks, Sam.
Don't thank me.
I'm not thanking that thing.
His name is Redwing.
I'm still not thanking it.
He's cute. Go ahead, pet him.
Come on!
This is for dropping
a building on my face.
Ahh!
I think I look pretty good,
all things considered.
Who's your buyer?
You know, he knew you.
Your pal, your
buddy, your Bucky.
What did you say?
He remembered you.
I was there.
He got all weepy about it.
Till they put his brain
back in a blender.
He wanted you to know something.
He said to me...
"Please tell Rogers.
"When you gotta go...
"you gotta go."
And you're coming with me.
Oh, my...
Sam...
we need Fire and Rescue
on the south side
of the building.
We gotta get up there.
♪ Try to remember
the kind of September
♪ When grass was green ♪
Wake up, dear, and say
goodbye to your father.
Who's the homeless
person on the couch?
This is why I love coming
home for Christmas...
right before you leave town.
Be nice, dear, he's
been studying abroad.
Really? Which broad?
What's her name?
Candice.
Do me a favor?
Try not to burn the house
down before Monday.
Okay, so it's Monday.
That is good to know,
I will plan my toga
party accordingly.
Where you going?
Your father's flying us
to the Bahamas
for a little getaway.
We might have to
make a quick stop.
At the Pentagon. Right?
Don't worry, you're gonna love
the holiday menu
at the commissary.
They say sarcasm is
a metric for potential.
If that's true, you'll be
a great man someday.
I'll get the bags.
He does miss you
when you're not here.
And frankly, you're
going to miss us.
Because this is the last time
we're all going to be together.
You know what's about to happen.
Say something.
If you don't, you'll regret it.
I love you, Dad.
And I know you did
the best you could.
That's how I wish it happened.
Binarily Augmented
Retro-Framing...
or BARF.
God, I gotta work
on that acronym.
An extremely costly method
of hijacking the hippocampus...
to clear traumatic memories.
Huh.
It doesn't change the fact
that they never
made it to the airport...
or all the things I did to avoid
processing my grief, but...
Plus, $611 million for my
little therapeutic experiment?
No one in their right mind
would've ever funded it.
Help me out, what's the
MIT mission statement?
"To generate, disseminate...
"and preserve knowledge.
"And work with others...
"to bring it to bear on the
world's great challenges."
Well, you are the others.
And, quiet as it's kept...
the challenges facing you
are the greatest
mankind's ever known.
Plus, most of you are broke.
Oh, I'm sorry. Rather, you were.
As of this moment...
every student has been
made an equal recipient...
of the inaugural September
Foundation Grant.
As in...
all of your projects have just
been approved and funded.
No strings, no taxes...
just reframe the future!
Starting now.
Go break some eggs.
Wow. Wow.
That took my breath away.
Oh, Tony! So generous.
So much money! Wow!
Out of curiosity...
will any portion of that grant
be made available to faculty?
I know, "Ooh, gross,"
but hear me out.
I have got this killer idea
for a self-cooking hotdog.
Basically, chemical
detonator embedded...
Restroom's this way, yeah?
Yeah.
Embedded in the meat shaft.
Mr. Stark, I am so sorry
about the teleprompter.
I didn't know Miss
Potts had canceled.
They didn't have time to fix it.
It's fine. I'll be right back.
We'll catch up later.
That was nice, what you
did for those young people.
Ah, they deserve it.
Plus, it helps ease
my conscience.
They say there's a correlation
between generosity and guilt.
But if you've got the money...
break as many eggs as you like.
Right?
Are you going up?
I'm right where I want to be.
Okay. Hey.
Sorry, it's an
occupational hazard.
I work for the State Department.
Human Resources.
I know it's boring...
but it enabled
me to raise a son.
I'm very proud of
what he grew up to be.
His name was Charlie Spencer.
You murdered him.
In Sokovia.
Not that that matters
in the least to you.
You think you fight for us?
You just fight for yourself.
Who's going to
avenge my son, Stark?
He's dead...
and I blame you.
You like that?
Come get you some now.
You didn't even move.
Nah.
What if I come in on the left side, right?
Just down here.
You see this right here?
I'm gonna miss you, Scott.
I'm gonna miss you, too, Peachy.
Man, you guys got the
weirdest goodbye rituals.
All right, break it up.
Break it up! Break it up!
Scotty!
What's up, man!
Damn! Hey.
Ha-ha! Hey, man.
Hey, what's up with your eye?
Oh. Well, what do you think?
Peachy. It's a going-away present.
Oh, yeah.
I still got my scar from a year ago.
Oh, yeah. Yeah.
You know what?
I'm still the only one who knocked him out.
Well, I definitely didn't.
Thanks for picking
me up, brother.
Bro, you think I'm gonna
miss my celly getting out?
Hey, how's your girl, man?
Oh, she left me.
Oh.
Yeah, my ma died, too.
And my dad got deported.
But I got the van!
It's nice. Yeah, right?
- Thanks for the hook-up, too.
- I needed a place to stay.
You wait till you see this couch.
You're gonna be really happy.
You're gonna be on your feet in no time.
Watch.
I hope so. Yeah.
And I gotta
introduce you to some
people.
Some really skilled people.
- Not interested.
- Yeah, right.
No, I'm serious, man.
I'm not going back.
I got a daughter
to take care of.
You know that jobs don't
come easy for ex-cons, right?
Look, man, I got a master's in
electrical engineering, all right?
I'm gonna be fine.
Welcome to Baskin-Robbins.
Would you like to try
our Mango Fruit Blast?
Uh, no, thanks.
Um, I will have...
I'll have a burger, please.
Oh, we don't...
We don't make that.
Pretzel. Hot pretzel. Like, mustard...
Do you have mustard dip?
It's ice cream. Baskin-Robbins.
I'll just do, like,
whatever's hot and fresh.
Dude.
Can I see you in the back, chief?
Pronto.
Sure thing, Dale.
Darby, could you just, uh,
take care of this idiot? Thanks.
Hey, Dale. Come on in.
Pull up some chair.
Three years at San Quentin, huh?
You found out.
Baskin-Robbins always finds out.
Look, I'm sorry, all right?
But I...
No one would hire me.
Breaking and entering.
Grand larceny.
Look, I'm sorry.
I don't do it anymore. I just...
Respect.
I couldn't be happier about it.
Really? Yeah.
Thank you. Thank you.
You really stuck it to
those billionaire SOBs.
The more I read about
what you did and stuff...
I'm like, "Wow, I know this guy?
"I'm in charge of this guy?"
Well, I'm very
happy in this job,
and I really just appreciate
the opportunity to...
Well, you're fired, of course.
I can't really keep you on.
Wait, what? Fired?
Yeah.
Dale, look, it wasn't a violent crime.
I mean, I'm a good worker.
No, it wasn't a violent crime.
It was a cool crime.
I'll tell you what, though.
This will be totally off
the books, off the records,
but if you want to grab one
of those Mango Fruit Blasts
on your way out the door,
I'll just pretend
I didn't see it.
Hey, Scotty. What's up?
I thought you were
supposed to be at work.
I was. I got fired.
Damn. They find out who you are?
Yeah.
Baskin-Robbins
always finds out, bro.
Baskin-Robbins don't play.
You want some waffles?
Yeah, I'll take a waffle.
Oh. That's Kurt.
He was Folsom for five years.
He's a wizard on that laptop.
Nice meet you.
Yeah. Nice to meet you, too.
Who are you?
Dave.
Nice work on the Vista job.
Vista job, yes.
No, no.
I have heard of this robbery.
Well, technically, I didn't rob them.
Robbery involves threat.
I hate violence. I burgled them.
I'm a cat burglar.
You mean you're a pussy.
Yeah.
They were overcharging
the customers, right?
And it added up to millions.
He blows the whistle
and he gets fired.
And what does he do?
He hacks into the
security system
and transfers millions back to
the people that they stole it from.
Posts all the bank
records online.
And he drove the dude's
Bentley into his swimming pool.
What are you doing?
Hmm?
Why are you telling my
life story to these guys?
What do you want?
Okay.
My cousin talked to
this guy two weeks ago
about this little perfect job.
No way.
No, no, no. Wait! This guy...
This guy fits your M.O.
No!
I'm finished, man.
I'm not going back to jail.
It's some retired millionaire
living off his golden parachute.
It's a perfect Scott Lang mark!
I don't care. I'm out.
Scattered riots broke out
across the Kree Empire today
protesting the recent peace
treaty signed by the Kree Emperor
and Xandar's Nova Prime.
Peter, you have call.
- No, wait, don't!
- Quill?
Hey, Yondu.
I'm here on Morag.
Ain't no Orb, ain't no you.
Well, I was in the neighborhood.
I thought I'd save you the hassle.
Well, where are you at now, boy?
I feel really bad about this,
but I'm not gonna tell you that.
- I slaved putting this deal together.
- Slaved?
Making a few calls is "slaved"?
I mean, really?
And now you're gonna rip me off!
We do not do that to each other.
We're Ravagers. We got a code.
Yeah, and that code is
"steal from everybody."
When I picked you up on Terra...
"Picked me up."
...these boys of mine
wanted to eat you.
Yeah?
They ain't never tasted
any Terran before.
I stopped them.
You're alive because of me!
I will find you, I will...
Put a bounty on him!
Forty K.
- But I want him back alive.
- Yeah, Cap.
- Alive?
- That's what I said.
I told you when you
picked that kid up,
you should have delivered
him like we was hired to do!
He was cargo!
You have always
been soft on him.
You're the only one
I'm being soft on!
Now, don't you
worry about Mr. Quill.
As soon as we get him back here,
I'm gonna kill him myself.
What we do need to worry about,
is who else out
there wants that Orb!
They call me "terrorist,"
"radical," "zealot,"
because I obey the ancient
laws of my people, the Kree,
and punish those who do not.
Because I do not
forgive your people
for taking the
life of my father,
and his father, and
his father before him.
A thousand years of war
between us will not be forgotten!
You can't do this!
Our government signed a peace treaty.
My government knows no shame.
You Xandarians and
your culture are a disease.
You
will never rule Xandar.
No.
I will cure it!
Ronan,
Korath has returned.
Master, he is a thief,
an outlaw who calls
himself Star-Lord.
But we have discovered
he has an agreement
to retrieve the Orb for
an intermediary known
as The Broker.
I promised Thanos I would
retrieve the Orb for him.
Only then will he
destroy Xandar for me.
Nebula, go to Xandar
and get me the Orb.
It will be my honor.
It will be your doom.
If this happens again,
you'll be facing our father
without his prize.
I'm a daughter of Thanos.
Just like you.
But I know Xandar.
Ronan has already
decreed that I...
Do not speak for me.
You will not fail.
Have I ever?
11 Wakandans were
among those killed
during a confrontation...
between the Avengers
and a group of mercenaries...
in Lagos, Nigeria last month.
The traditionally
reclusive Wakandans
were on an outreach mission...
in Lagos, when
the attack occurred.
Our people's blood is
spilled on foreign soil...
not only because of
the actions of criminals...
but by the indifference of
those pledged to stop them.
Victory at the expense
of the innocent...
is no victory at all.
The Wakandan king went on to...
They are operating outside
and above the international law.
Because that's the reality,
if we don't respond
to acts like these.
What legal authority
does an enhanced
individual like Wanda
Maximoff have...
to operate in Nigeri...?
It's my fault.
That's not true.
Turn the TV back on.
They're being very specific.
I should've clocked
that bomb vest
long before you
had to deal with it.
Rumlow said "Bucky"...
and all of a sudden I was
a 16-year-old kid again,
in Brooklyn.
And people died.
It's on me.
It's on both of us.
This job...
We try to save as
many people as we can.
Sometimes that
doesn't mean everybody.
But if we can't find a
way to live with that...
then next time...
maybe nobody gets saved.
Vis! We talked about this.
Yes, but the door was
open so I assumed that...
Captain Rogers wished to
know when Mr. Stark was arriving.
Thank you. We'll be right down.
I'll use the door.
Oh, and apparently,
he's brought a guest.
We know who it is?
The Secretary of State.
Five years ago...
I had a heart attack...
and dropped right in the
middle of my backswing.
Turned out it was the
best round of my life...
because after 13
hours of surgery
and a triple bypass...
I found something 40 years
in the Army had never taught me.
Perspective.
The world owes the
Avengers an unpayable debt.
You have fought for us...
protected us,
risked your lives...
but while a great many
people see you as heroes...
there are some...
who would prefer
the word "vigilantes."
What word would you
use, Mr. Secretary?
How about "dangerous"?
What would you call
a group of US-based,
enhanced individuals...
who routinely ignore
sovereign borders...
and inflict their will
wherever they choose...
and who, frankly,
seem unconcerned
about what they leave behind?
New York.
Washington, D.C.
Sokovia.
Lagos.
Okay. That's enough.
For the past four years,
you've operated
with unlimited power...
and no supervision.
That's an arrangement the
governments of the world
can no longer tolerate.
But I think we have a solution.
The Sokovia Accords.
Approved by 117 countries...
it states that the Avengers
shall no longer be a
private organization.
Instead...
they'll operate
under the supervision
of a United Nations panel...
only when and if that
panel deems it necessary.
The Avengers were formed to
make the world a safer place.
I feel we've done that.
Tell me, Captain, do you know
where Thor and
Banner are right now?
If I misplaced a couple
of 30 megaton nukes...
you can bet there'd
be consequences.
Compromise. Reassurance.
That's how the world works.
Believe me, this is
the middle ground.
So, there are contingencies.
Three days from now,
the UN meets in Vienna...
to ratify the Accords.
Talk it over.
And if we come to a
decision you don't like?
Then you retire.
Daddy!
Peanut! Oh!
Happy birthday!
I'm so sorry I'm late.
I didn't know what
time your party started.
It was on the invitation.
He didn't get an invitation.
But he came anyway!
Well, I'm not gonna miss
my little girl's birthday party.
I'm gonna go tell
Mommy you're here.
Oh, you don't...
What are you doing here, Lang?
You haven't paid a
dime of child support.
You know, right now, if I
wanted to, I could arrest you.
It's good to see
you too, Paxton.
Mommy's so happy you're
here, she choked on her drink.
Hey, look what I have for you.
Can I open it now?
Of course, sweetheart.
It's your birthday.
You're my bestest friend.
What is that thing?
He's so ugly!
I love him!
Can I go show my friends?
Of course, sweetheart. Go ahead.
You're my bestest friend.
Look, the child support
is coming, all right?
It's just hard finding a job
when you have a record.
I'm sure you'll figure it out.
But for now, I want you out of my house.
No way! It's my daughter's birthday.
It's my house!
- So what? It's my kid!
- Scott!
You can't just show up here.
You know that. Come on.
It's a birthday party.
Yeah, I know, but
you can't just show up.
She's my daughter.
You don't know the first
thing about being a father.
Maggie, I tell you
this as a friend,
and as the first
love of my life.
Your fiance is an asshat.
He's not an asshat.
Hey, watch your language. Okay?
What language? I said "hat."
Stop it.
Really, Maggie? That guy?
Come on!
You could marry anyone you want,
and you have to get
engaged to a cop?
At least he's not a crook.
I'm trying, okay?
I've changed. I'm straight.
I had a job and...
I wanna provide.
I had a lot of time to think
about it and I love her.
So much.
I've missed so much time
and I wanna be a part of her life.
What do I do?
Get an apartment,
get a job, pay child support.
And then we will talk
about visitation, I promise.
You're her hero, Scott.
Just be the person that
she already thinks you are.
Ooh.
Stop cheating.
Hey, what's up, hotshot?
Maybe he didn't hear you.
How was the party?
Tell me about that tip.
Xandarians.
What a bunch of losers.
All of them in a big hurry to
get from something stupid,
to nothing at all. Pathetic.
Look at this guy!
Can you believe
they call us criminals,
when he's assaulting
us with that haircut?
What is this thing?
Look how it thinks it's so cool.
It's not cool to get help!
Walk by yourself, you little gargoyle.
Look at Mr. Smiles over here.
Where's your wife, old man?
What a class-A prevert.
Right, Groot?
Groot?
Don't drink fountain
water, you idiot.
- That's disgusting!
- Mmm.
Yes, you did.
I just saw you doing it.
Why are you lying?
Whoop.
Looks like we got one.
Okay, humie, how bad does
someone wanna find you?
40,000 units?
Groot, we're gonna be rich.
- Mr. Quill.
- Broker.
The Orb.
- As commissioned.
- Where's Yondu?
Wanted to be here.
Sends his love.
And told me to tell you,
that you got the best
eyebrows in the business.
What is it?
It's my policy never to discuss
my clients, or their needs.
Yeah, well, I almost
died getting it for you.
An occupational hazard,
I'm sure, in your line of work.
Some machine-headed freak,
working for a dude named Ronan.
Ronan? I'm sorry, Mr. Quill.
I truly am.
But I want no part
of this transaction
- if Ronan is involved.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Who's Ronan?
A Kree fanatic, outraged
by the peace treaty,
who will not rest until
Xandarian culture, my culture,
- is wiped from existence!
- Whoa, whoa!
- Come on.
- He's someone
whose bad side
I'd rather not be on.
What? What about my bad side?
Farewell, Mr. Quill.
Hey, we had a deal, bro!
What happened?
Ah, this guy just backed
out of a deal on me.
If there's one thing I hate,
it's a man without integrity.
Peter Quill.
People call me Star-Lord.
You have the bearing
of a man of honor.
Well, you know, I
wouldn't say that.
People say it about
me, all the time,
but it's not something I
would ever say about myself.
Ooh!
This wasn't the plan.
Ah!
Put him in the bag.
Put him in the bag!
No! Not her, him!
Learn genders, man.
Ow!
Biting? That's not fair!
Take it easy!
Ow!
Fool. You should have learned.
I don't learn. One of my issues.
What the...
Quit smiling, you idiot.
You're supposed to be a professional.
You gotta be kidding me.
Ooh. Hey!
I live for the simple things.
Like how much
this is gonna hurt.
Yeah. Writhe, little man.
It'll grow back,
you d'ast idiot.
Quit whining.
Subject 89P13, drop your weapon.
Aw, crap.
By the authority
of the Nova Corps,
- you are under arrest...
- All right. Come on up.
...for endangerment to life
and the destruction of property.
Hey! If it isn't Star-Prince.
- Star-Lord.
- Oh, sorry. "Lord."
I picked this guy up a
while back for petty theft.
He's got a code name.
Yeah. Stay out of the way.
Come on, man. It's a...
It's an outlaw name.
Just relax, pal.
It's cool to have a code name.
It's not that weird.
Fascists.
Ronan is destroying
Xandarian outposts
throughout the galaxy.
I should think that would call for some
slight response on the part of the Kree.
We signed your peace
treaty, Nova Prime.
What more do you want?
At least a statement
from the Kree Empire
saying that they
condemn his actions.
He is slaughtering children.
Families.
That is your business.
Now, I have other
matters to attend to.
Prick.
Well, some good news.
It looks like we've apprehended
one of Ronan's compatriots.
You have been betrayed, Ronan.
We know only that
she has been captured.
Gamora may yet recover the Orb.
No! Our sources within the Kyln say
Gamora has her own plans for the Orb.
Look, your
partnership with Thanos
is at risk.
Thanos requires your presence.
Now!
With all due respect, Thanos,
your daughter made this mess,
and yet you summon me.
I would lower my voice, Accuser.
First, she lost a battle
with some primitive.
Thanos put Gamora
under your charge.
Then she was apprehended
by the Nova Corps.
You are the one here
with nothing to show for it.
Your sources say that she
meant to betray us the whole time!
Lower your tone!
I may be your...
I only ask that you take
this matter seriously.
The only matter I do
not take seriously, boy,
is you.
Your politics bore me.
Your demeanor is
that of a pouty child.
And, apparently, you alienated
my favorite daughter, Gamora.
I shall honor our
agreement, Kree,
if you bring me the Orb.
But return to me
again empty-handed,
and I will bathe the
starways in your blood.
Thanks, Dad. Sounds fair.
This is one fight you won't win.
Let's head to the Kyln.